BRUHAT BENGALURU MAHANAGARA PALIKE / GREATER BENGALURU AUTHORITY
Office of the Assistant Director of Town Planning
Mahadevapura Zone

To,
Mr./Ms. [Owner Name]
[Address]

Application No: BPA/MDP/2026/04/0782
Date: 22 April 2026

Subject: Plan Check Corrections - Residential Building at Site No. 47,
         5th Cross, 1st Stage, Whitefield, Bengaluru - 560066

Sir / Madam,

With reference to your application dated 18 March 2026 for sanction of
building plan for the above-captioned property, the plans have been
scrutinized and the following objections are raised. You are requested
to rectify the same and resubmit the revised plans within 30 days from
the date of this letter, failing which the application is liable to be
treated as withdrawn under Sakala provisions.

OBJECTIONS:

1. The front setback shown in the plan is 0.6 m, which is below the
   minimum prescribed setback of 0.75 m as per the amended Zonal
   Regulations dated 5-6 January 2026. Kindly revise.

2. The FAR calculation provided on the cover sheet does not include
   the staircase core area. As per BBMP Building Bye-Laws clause
   read with KTCP Act Section 19, total built-up area for FAR shall
   include all enclosed floor area. The calculation must be revised.

3. EV charging infrastructure provision is not indicated in the parking
   layout. As per the amended Zonal Regulations 2026, 20% of total
   parking spaces shall include EV charging readiness (conduit and
   meter). Please incorporate.

4. Latest property tax receipt has not been enclosed with the
   application. Please submit the receipt for the financial year
   2025-26.

5. The plan does not show the rainwater harvesting (RWH) pit, which is
   mandatory for all new constructions in BBMP limits. Please indicate
   the RWH structure with capacity calculation on the site plan.

6. The structural stability certificate from a registered structural
   engineer has not been attached. As the proposed construction is
   G+2 with a planned future G+3 provision, this is required.

7. The architect's empanelment certificate number is not legible on
   the title block of Sheet A1. Please reprint with the empanelment
   number clearly visible.

You are advised to address each of the above objections point-wise in
your resubmission. The revised plans should be uploaded to the BPAS
portal (bpas.bbmpgov.in) along with this corrections letter.

Yours faithfully,

[Signature]
Assistant Director of Town Planning
Mahadevapura Zone, BBMP/GBA
